>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay, so
like I was saying before,
a peek is really similar to pop.
For a stack, we wanna peek the last one.
For the queue,
you always peek the first one.
So we wanna return the last
newest value without removing it.
So it's really similar to this, so
I'm just gonna copy this logic.
>> Speaker 2: I'm just removing line 27,
28.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep,
and just remove the delete.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And the length change.
And really,
we could just return that and be happy.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep?
>> Speaker 3: Can I see
the constructor up there again?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And also, if you
wanted to give access to your length,
you could do that.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: But I would
probably do something like get length.
Like a method that gets the link or
something versus,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Accessing
the length directly.
Cuz you don't want anyone to
set the length on accident or
think that they have to.
So it would just be like get length and
it would be a function that would just
return this to underscore length.
There would never be a set length so
people can never change the length
cuz if someone changes the length
then that messes everything else.
Which is why I have the underscore there.